[Music]
top 10 cute animals that can actually
kill you yeah all of us love animals we
feel pure admiration when watching them
and no one can stay indifferent
however we could never have imagined
that some of the nicest looking ones
might seriously harm us in this video
bright side will tell you about 10
adorable but very dangerous animals to
make you feel a little bit better
we made a bonus at the end of the video
counting down from number 10 leopard
seal ah these guys look so cute
that you certainly wouldn't expect any
harm from them after all they can even
smile their mouths are curved upwards
which creates the illusion of a grin or
smile leopard seals have a very diverse
diet they eat krill different kinds of
fish marine mammals and king and even
emperor penguins so basically there is
almost nothing they can't eat keep this
in mind when you want to swim with this
cutie a short time ago a biologist was
dragged 200 feet below the surface by a
leopard seal the person died and the
intentions of the animal are not clear
charges were never filed against the
seal
number nine panda who doesn't find
pandas cute
we don't believe such people exist tell
us in the comment section if we are
wrong
pandas looks so innocent and helpless
that they became a symbol of peace and
kindness their dark eyes make you want
to hug them however you better not mess
with a panda
if you accidentally cross its territory
or if it senses any kind of danger a
panda can seriously hurt you
they look cuddly but they are very
strong and they have powerful jaws their
teeth can give you a very bad bite and
they can chase you for a very long time
definitely longer than you can run they
climb and swim professionally wow they
get paid so there is no way to escape
from them no matter how cute they look
pandas are still bears and what do we
know about bears right stay away from
them number eight Swan someone's makeup
for a significant part of romantic
imagination we associate them with true
love because they are so graceful and
what should we never forget about love
it hurts
Wow these creatures can damage you if
they feel a threat there was even a case
where a man drowned because of a swan
attack the bird charged the man's boat
and capsized it and after the man tried
to swim to the shore The Swan blocked
him so don't try to feed swans with
something tasteless or give them a
reason to think you are interested in
their nest
remember they are watching you number
seven
anteater
and no this is not the creature who
devours your uncle's wife you had to
think about this didn't you
anteaters look rather scruffy and
definitely harmless because hey they
don't even have teeth they mostly eat
insects citrus and avocados Wow anteater
guacamole how could such an animal hurt
a human however please pay attention to
its claws it mainly uses them to
excavate food but of course it won't
hesitate to use them to defend itself it
can do incredible harm with just one
swipe and eaters have very poor vision
so if you frightened them they can cut
you with their pocket knives in 2014 two
hunters were killed by an anteater that
was defending itself
number six Tasmanian devil
[Music]
well this animal is famous for our
favorite cartoon just look at it it
looks so funny and so cartoonish that
you would never expect it to be
dangerous however it has such a name for
a reason these animals eat small prey
such as snakes fish birds and insects
their tails store fat in case of
starvation just like mine their teeth
are strong enough to eat even bones yes
it does look a little bit like a mole
but it's way more dangerous Tasmanian
Devils are nocturnal animals which means
they only hunt at night they have a
perfect sense of smell and very good
coordination so it's very difficult to
see them number 5
elephant despite the fact that elephants
are one of the biggest and strongest
animals we for some reason see them is
kind and harmless creatures and to be
honest we treat them in a very bad way
so maybe that's why in recent years we
see more and more human deaths caused by
elephant attacks it looks like a planned
revenge
remember they never forget now they are
responsible for about 500 human deaths
year don't forget how intelligent
elephants are the next time you want to
ride one of them and don't forget to tip
them number four puffer fish this nice
one becomes the deadliest fish ever
after its own death you have probably
heard about the famous Japanese meal
called fugu this kind of dinner may be
your last
if the chef makes even the slightest
mistake while removing the liver the
thing is the liver of the pufferfish
contains a neurotoxin that is 1,000
times more powerful than potassium
cyanide so if you want to try this meal
without it being your Last Supper go to
a very good restaurant
number three poison dart frog they look
surprisingly beautiful and charming for
frogs but this is the case where
appearances are deceptive there are a
few types of poison frogs and the level
of toxicity varies they can be yellow
copper green red blue and black but the
most dangerous kind is golden it can
easily kill 10 adults if they touch it
so keep this rule in mind in wild nature
the brightest colors are the most
dangerous ones
number two dolphin this information may
really shock you but we have to face the
truth the animals that you thought were
very cute that seems so nice to swim
together in a swimming pool but do all
those cool tricks you see on TV can be
cruel murderers along with us humans
bottlenose dolphins are the only species
that we know of that can kill with no
natural reason dolphins definitely have
high intelligence which unfortunately
sometimes results in harm they don't
kill humans often but we recommend
thinking twice before approaching
dolphins especially in the wild unlike
previous animals that we told you about
they might even attack you without any
good reason or they might just want to
see you leap out of the pool for a dead
fish
and number one slow loris ah just look
at those eyes is there anything cuter if
you want to hug one of these nocturnal
primates you need to go to the countries
in the area of Indonesia however there
is something you should know before you
buy the ticket slow loris is the only
venomous primate in the world if this
cutie bites you you should know that it
wasn't an accident
interestingly unlike snakes for example
loris have poison in their elbows so in
order to give a poisonous bite they need
to suck some poison from the elbow if
you get bitten you may experience
anaphylactic shock and other really
dangerous health conditions scientists
say that loris mimic cobras sounds
really terrifying you little monsters
and now as we promised a bonus if you
are really fun of cute animals but they
turned out to be outrageously dangerous
you can get toy versions of them such
cute things will make your day better
why don't we try that slowloris for
example whew do you know any other cute
but very dangerous animals no not that
guy at the end of the bar share in the
comment section below
send this video to your friends so that
they are safe and don't forget to click
subscribe to join us on the bright side